# Mapsense.js

Mapsense.js is a JavaScript library for vector maps in the browser. It brings the scalability of tiled geographic datasets to the interactivity, control, and dynamism of D3. A D3 selection is maintained across incoming tiles, letting you set things like styles or interaction just once. Mapsense.js is based on the Polymaps API, but uses D3 to handle drawing and selection.

See <http://developer.mapsense.co/documentation> for more details.

This is the `master` branch, which contains the Polymaps source code. If
you're looking for the Polymaps website, you should checkout the `gh-pages`
branch instead.

## Filing Bugs

We use GitHub to track issues. You can search for existing
issues, and file new issues, here:

  <http://github.com/mapsense/mapsense.js/issues>

We will occassionally address issues filed under <http://github.com/simplegeo/polymaps/issues> as well.

## Build Instructions

You do not need to build Mapsense.js in order to view the examples; a compiled
copy of Polymaps (`mapsense.js` and `mapsense.min.js`) is included in the
repository.

To edit and build a new version of Mapsense.js, you must first install Java and
GNU Make. If you are on Mac OS X, you can install Make as part of the UNIX
tools included with
[XCode](http://developer.apple.com/technologies/xcode.html). Once you've setup
your development environment, you can rebuild Polymaps by running the
following command from the repo's root directory:

    make

The Polymaps build process is exceptionally simple. First, all the JavaScript
files are concatenated (using `cat`); the order of files is important to
preserve dependencies. This produces the file `polymaps.js`. Second, this file
is put through Google's [Closure
Compiler](http://code.google.com/closure/compiler/) to minify the JavaScript,
resulting in a smaller `polymaps.min.js`.

If you are doing development, it is highly recommended that you use the
non-minified JavaScript for easier debugging. The minified JavaScript is only
intended for production, where file size matters. Note that the development
version is marked as read-only so that you don't accidentally overwrite your
edits after a re-build.
